Imagine that the coronavirus behaves like charged particles, and the people in different countries act as the conduits similar 
to circuit elements.  Use these assumptions to analyze the data for different countries at Johns Hopkins COVID Resource Center 
<https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html>.  You can click on the upper right corner of the graph portion to bring each graph to a 
full page and be able to analyze the graph data more precisely.

You may answer the questions below individually or as a whole.

    1.  After answering the questions below, make a prediction about the number of infections and deaths by May 1, June 1.  
        Do you predict we will or will not return to school in June?  What about September-December?
    
    2.  Choose four countries to analyze the data, but as many as you wish.
            USA, Spain, Italy, France, China
    3.  Find the best fit lines for the four countries of your choice.
            
    4.  What parts are exponential, what parts are linear?
    
    5.  What patterns did you notice in different countries?
    
    6.  How can you explain the changing patterns in the graphs?
    
    7.  How can you explain the differences?
    
    8.  What are the intrinsic values that describe the spread of the coronavirus best?  Use dimensional analysis.
    
    9.  What are the intrinsic time values for the countries you chose?  What do you think are the factors determining the 
        intrinsic time values?
    
    10. What do the graphs and data look similar to as circuit elements or physical quantities?
    
    11. Which circuit element(s) would you use as a model?  Why?
    
    12. Use the circuit element you chose to calculate its value.
    
    13. If you were to use multiple circuit elements, which ones would you use in what combinations?
    
    14. What kind of differential equation would represent the coronavirus spread?  Be as specific as you can be.
    
    15. What kind of matrix would represent the coronavirus spread across countries, continents, and the world?  Be as 
        specific as you can be.
    
    16. What other questions can you add to approach the coronavirus spread as a physics & math problem?  Be specific.
    
    17. Consider the fact that as humans we have an immune system.  Our bodies inhabit germs, viruses, bacteria, mites, etc. 
        We coexist with them, and in fact depend on them for our survival.  Yet, when a harmful infection happens, our body 
        temperature rises, our immune system takes over, we either eliminate the disease, or suffer the consequences.  It may
        be safe to assume that the germs, our immune system and all might not even be aware of our existence as a human being.  
        What similarities do you see in terms of what has been happening to the globe as a result of our actions?  What 
        similarities do you see between a human and the globe?  What philosophical implications and understandings do you 
        perceive?
    
    18. What other scientific, sociological, and philosophical implications would you like to discuss?